it's changing over there is a storm
coming hurry just like last time
study of magic wishes to be announced
Dolores Umbridge as High Inquisitor
just the falling standards had hot dogs
school things as hot with a far worse
than I see it
you have been told that a certain dark
wizard is at large once again
this is
hey yeah it's not a lie I saw him
Melissa the Dark Lord returns
incontrovertible back Dolores Umbridge
has replaced Albus Dumbledore as head of
Hogwarts hi
a dog in order
he wants to build up his army yeah
building up an army that I want to fight
it's your turn
this year for me something was it on if
they can do it why not
girardi will
Minister is gonna have a full uprising
on earth blew the game
because I seasons it breaking rules
who are you and what have you done with
the mind games
Warner Brothers Big Chill don't fight in
Harry you can't do it
it will lose everything
harry potter and the order of the
phoenix